README.md, before:

# vConnect (client application)

The vConnect client application is a C# application built with .NET 4.0. It was created by Troy Cosner and Charlie Snyder for their capstone software engineering project at Liberty University in 2015.

###The application utilizes the following external libraries:
  * [32feet.NET][1] (Bluetooth Library)
  * [NCalc][2] (Mathematical Expressions Evaluator)
  * [Json.NET][3] (JSON framework for .NET)
  
The application was developed to run on a **Windows 7** or **Windows 8** laptop using **Microsoft's Bluetooth Stack**. Outside of these requirements, the application may fail.
Consult [32feet.Net][4]'s documentation for more information.  
  
### Installation
Describe how to install here.  
  
### Usage
Describe usage here.

### Code Structure
Describe the basic classes and how they interact.

### Architecture
![alt text](vConnect/architecture.png)

### Data Elements Currently Implemented
| Element Name | Description | Unit |
| ------------ | ----------- | ---- |
| VIN | Vehicle Identification Number | Characters |
| vehicle_speed | Current Speed of Vehicle | km/h |
| engine_rpm | Current RPM of Vehicle | rpm |
| run_time_since_start | Time Engine Has Been Running | seconds |
| fuel_level | Percent of Tank Full | percent |
| oil_temp | Engine Oil Temperature | degrees Celsius |
| accel_pos | Relative Accelerator Position | Percent |
| dist_with_MIL | Distance Driven With Check-Engine Light On | km |
note: The data elements used are specified in the JSON schema on the web server.  
  
[1]: https://32feet.codeplex.com/
[2]: https://ncalc.codeplex.com/
[3]: http://www.newtonsoft.com/json
[4]: https://32feet.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=Supported%20Hardware%20and%20Software

Commit message:

Created a directory for the images in the readme AND edited the readme.

README.md, after:

# vConnect (client application)

The vConnect client application is a C# application built with .NET 4.0. It was created by Troy Cosner and Charlie Snyder for their capstone software engineering project at Liberty University in 2015.

###The application utilizes the following external libraries:
  * [32feet.NET][1] (Bluetooth Library)
  * [NCalc][2] (Mathematical Expressions Evaluator)
  * [Json.NET][3] (JSON framework for .NET)
  
The application was developed to run on a **Windows 7** or **Windows 8** laptop using **Microsoft's Bluetooth Stack**. Outside of these requirements, the application may fail.
Consult [32feet.Net][4]'s documentation for more information.  
  
### Installation
vConnect contains an installer that installs the vConnect application, a monitor application, and its required files in a directory. 

***Troy, can you explain here how to save the server and BT device information the first time of use?***
  
### Usage
After installation, execute vConnect.exe.

The latest version of vConnect utilizes a Monitor application in order to ensure that the application continues to run. Whenever any situations cause the program to terminate, the monitor will restart it and begin polling for data.

### Code Structure
![alt text](vConnect/images/classDiagram.jpg)

### Architecture
![alt text](vConnect/images/architecture.png)

### Data Elements Currently Implemented
| Element Name | Description | Unit |
| ------------ | ----------- | ---- |
| VIN | Vehicle Identification Number | Characters |
| vehicle_speed | Current Speed of Vehicle | km/h |
| engine_rpm | Current RPM of Vehicle | rpm |
| run_time_since_start | Time Engine Has Been Running | seconds |
| fuel_level | Percent of Tank Full | percent |
| oil_temp | Engine Oil Temperature | degrees Celsius |
| accel_pos | Relative Accelerator Position | Percent |
| dist_with_MIL | Distance Driven With Check-Engine Light On | km |
note: The data elements used are specified in the JSON schema on the web server.  
  
[1]: https://32feet.codeplex.com/
[2]: https://ncalc.codeplex.com/
[3]: http://www.newtonsoft.com/json
[4]: https://32feet.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=Supported%20Hardware%20and%20Software
